---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Introduction
---

# Long Defi

## What is the problem?

**Memecoins** have captured the imagination of investors worldwide, but their wild price swings and predominant trading on DEX present unique challenges.

While DEX is simple and easy to use, they lack critical risk management tools like **take-profit** and **stop-loss** orders. These tools are essential for optimizing portfolio investments and safeguarding against market volatility. Additionally, the need to sign a transaction for every trade can be cumbersome.

## Why Choose LongDefi?

### Safety First

Built on top of [ERC-4337: Account Abstraction](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337), LongDefi prioritizes your safety. Whether you’re a seasoned trader or a curious newcomer, LongDefi ensures a smoother, risk-aware trading journey.

### Key Features

**LongDefi** bridges the gap by offering seamless and secure trading experiences for meme coin enthusiasts. Here’s why it stands out:

1. **Stop Orders on DEX**: LongDefi introduces a groundbreaking feature—stop orders—allowing you to set automatic stop-loss and take-profit levels. Now you can manage risk and reward effectively in the volatile meme coin market.

2. **Session Key Efficiency**: Say goodbye to repetitive signing! LongDefi enables you to use a session key for multiple orders. No more transaction fatigue—just streamlined trading.

3. **Price Chart Insights**: Instead of merely entering amounts in and viewing amounts out on various DEX platforms, LongDefi’s Price Chart provides you with additional information. It assists you in monitoring your favorite meme coins’ price movements and making informed decisions.
