---
sidebar_position: 3
title: How It Works
---

# How It Works

::::info

This document provides an in-depth exploration of the technical architecture of LongDefi.

::::

LongDefi is a DeFi platform that allows you to create smart wallets and place orders on the Ethereum blockchain. Unlike traditional platforms that rely on centralized intermediaries, LongDefi gives you full control and security over your assets and transactions. You can use LongDefi to manage your crypto portfolio, trade on various markets, and access various DeFi services.

## Architecture

LongDefi builds on top of account abstraction concept (ERC4337). The smart wallet is a contract that acts as a proxy for the user's account, allowing them to place orders and manage their assets without giving up control of their private keys.

1. User creates a smart wallet and deposits tokens into it.
2. Create the stop order.
3. Sign to the order to authorize. There are 2 ways to create orders: directly from owner private key or using a session key. Check [smart wallet security](#smart-wallet-security) section.
4. Send the order to server.
5. When the target price is reached, the server will broadcast the order to the DEX.

## Smart wallet security

There are two ways to validate the signature of an order in LongDefi

1. Single factor validation.
2. Multi-Factor validation.

### Single factor validation

Single factor validation is the simplest and fastest way to verify the signature of an order using only one signature. The owner of the smart wallet signs the order with their private key and sends it to the LongDefi server. When the order is sent to smart wallet, it will validate the order is signed by the owner of the smart wallet.

However, there is drawback of single factor validation: user has to sign every order. This is inconvenient and time-consuming. To solve this problem, LongDefi introduces multi-factor validation.

### Multi-Factor validation

Every user order must be signed by three parties: the owner of the smart wallet, the session key and the LongDefi server. If any of these signatures is missing or invalid, the order will be rejected by the smart wallet.

To validate the signature of an order, the smart wallet performs the following checks:

1. Verify the server signature on the order to ensure the session key is authorized by the LongDefi server. This prevents malicious actors using expired or unauthorized session keys to place orders on your behalf.

2. Verify the session key signature on the order. This prevents anyone from tampering with or modifying your order after you sign it.

3. Verify the owner of the smart wallet signature on the session key to ensure the session key is authorized by the owner of the smart wallet. This prevents anyone from creating or using a session key without your consent.
